
Bugcrowd logo

    Hacker Login Customer Login 

    EngagementsTheFork Managed Bug Bounty Engagement

    Bug Bounty

TheFork Managed Bug Bounty Engagement

TheFork
Program logo

    HospitalitySafe harbor

    Scope rating
    4 out of 4
    Testing period Ongoing Started at Dec 09, 2025
    Status In progress 09 Dec 2025 15:42:23 GMT+0

    Details
    Changelog
    Announcements1
    CrowdStream
    Hall of Fame

Last Updated :23 Jan 2026 14:54:25 GMT+0View changes
On this page

    Overview
    Description
    Targets
    Resources
    What’s new
    Recent activity
    Crowd highlights
    Things to know

    Vulnerabilities rewarded 1
    Validation within 2 days 75% of submissions are accepted or rejected within 2 days in last 3 months
    Average payout $400 last 3 months

TheFork, also known as La Fourchette, is a premier real-time restaurant reservation platform, providing users with access to over 60,000 dining establishments across various countries, including France, Spain, Switzerland, Belgium, Italy, Sweden, and many more. TheFork empowers users to discover and book restaurants at any time, ensuring seamless access to a diverse range of dining experiences, from casual meals to gourmet dining, all at the best available prices.

With an extensive and growing database of over 20 million verified user reviews, TheFork helps diners make well-informed decisions by offering insights into restaurant quality, service, ambiance, and pricing. Whether users are looking for a local favorite or an international hotspot, TheFork’s intuitive platform simplifies the process of finding and securing reservations, catering to both spontaneous and planned outings.

Beyond simply offering a reservation service, TheFork is designed to enhance the overall dining experience by providing users with exclusive offers, discounts, and promotions at selected restaurants, making dining out more accessible and affordable. Additionally, the platform includes a loyalty program that rewards frequent users with points (Yums) that can be redeemed for discounts on future reservations.

This program specifically focuses on testing TheFork’s B2C website and mobile app, ensuring that the platform remains secure, reliable, and user-friendly. Regular testing helps to maintain a high standard of performance and user experience while safeguarding the platform from potential vulnerabilities, ensuring that both diners and restaurant partners continue to benefit from a seamless and trusted service. Good luck, and happy hunting!
General Program Rules (please read carefully)

Violating program rules may result in your bounty being omitted.

    USE ONLY TEST RESTAURANTS. It is imperative to understand that testing on live production restaurants or their systems is strictly prohibited without exception. Failure to adhere to this policy will not be tolerated and will result in program ban.

    Identify your activity as belonging to Bugcrowd, whether you are performing manual testing or using automated tools:
        Include the string "bugcrowd" in your User-Agent
        Add "bugcrowd" to one of the fields of any form post not requiring account information
    Do not contact other customers / users of the site. Do not attack or interact with any user account that you do not expressly own.
    Limit excessive automated testing. Automated testing should not exceed 25 requests / second.

Ratings/Rewards

For the initial prioritization/rating of findings, this program will use the Bugcrowd Vulnerability Rating Taxonomy (please see below for any exceptions). However, it is important to note that in some cases a vulnerability priority will be modified due to its likelihood or impact. In any instance where an issue is downgraded, a full, detailed explanation will be provided to the researcher - along with the opportunity to appeal, and make a case for a higher priority.
Targets
4 out of 4
Bugcrowd calculates scope ratings based on the depth and breadth of in-scope targets.

    B2B
    In scope
    Payment reward chart

    P1
        $2500 – $3500
    P2
        $1500 – $1750
    P3
        $500 – $700
    P4
        $150 – $300

    Website
        manager.thefork.com This is the B2B version of TheForks' Business to Business web application.

        USE ONLY TEST RESTAURANTS. It is imperative to understand that testing on live production restaurants or their systems is strictly prohibited without exception. Failure to adhere to this policy will not be tolerated and will result in program ban.

    API Testing

    The API sitting behind the application is in scope, however, no documentation is available for it. Please test it from a black box perspective.
    Notes
        JWT TTL is 5mins. For example: if you logout, your session is invalidated after 5mins. If you reset password, all sessions are disconnected after 5 minutes.
        Redirection to an Out-of-Scope domain (*.theforkmanager.com) may occur. Although this may happen while authenticating, the below-listed scope is specific to this program and should be followed when testing & submitting reports.
    Name / Location	Tags	Known issues
    manager.thefork.com	
        VarnishWebsite TestingJavascript
    secure.thefork.com	
        Website Testing
    payment.lafourchette.com	
        Website Testing
    api.thefork.io	
        NodeJS
    TheFork Manager iOS App	
        iOS
    TheFork Manager Android App	
        Android
    widget.thefork.com	
        TypeScriptWebsite Testing
    B2B Low reward
    In scope
    Payment reward chart

    P1
        $500 – $1000
    P2
        $200 – $400
    P3
        $100 – $200
    P4
        $50 – $100

    Name / Location	Tags	Known issues
    TheFork Manager Blog	
    B2C
    In scope
    Payment reward chart

    P1
        $2500 – $3500
    P2
        $1500 – $1750
    P3
        $500 – $700
    P4
        $150 – $300

    Website
        https://www.thefork.com - This is the B2C version of TheForks' Business to Consumer web application. Researchers are invited to test the full functionality of this application, both from the logged in and anonymous perspective.
    Booking Restaurants

        IMPORTANT: When booking reservations, please ONLY USE THE 3 TEST RESTAURANTS PROVIDED BELOW. It is imperative to understand that testing on live production restaurants or their systems is strictly prohibited without exception. Failure to adhere to this policy will not be tolerated and will result in program ban.

        Spanish Restaurant
        Italian Restaurant
        French Restaurant
        List of 500 test restaurants

    These restaurants can't be found through search field, please go directly through the link.
    Payments
        Make a reservation with your @bugcrowd.com or @bugcrowdninja.com account as close to the time of your test as possible. Bookings can be made through the B2C website or mobile apps on one of the test restaurants.
        Payment functionality in TFPay only opens for the specific booking once your dining time has started and stays open for a maximum of 3 hrs
        To be able to perform test payments, you must have logged in to the mobile app with an @bugcrowd.com or @bugcrowdninja.com email account
        Navigate to TheFork pay section through the menu in the app, add a test credit card & gift cards or select the the relevant booking, then add your test credit card & gift cards
        Complete the payment. Note a maximum of 2 payments per reservation is allowed.
        Navigate to TheFork Pay section to verify the status of the payment
    API Documentation
        https://api.thefork.com
        https://google-reserve-api.thefork.io
    Name / Location	Tags	Known issues
    https://www.thefork.com	
    https://m.thefork.com	
        TypeScriptVarnishGraphQL+3
    https://api.thefork.com	
        API TestingHTTP
    https://blog.thefork.com/	
        Wordpress
    TheFork iOS App	
        Objective-CSwiftUISwift+2
    TheFork Android App	
        JavaMobile Application TestingKotlin+1
    B2C Low reward
    In scope
    Payment reward chart

    P1
        $500 – $1000
    P2
        $200 – $400
    P3
        $100 – $200
    P4
        $50 – $100

    Tools

    All of our tools are under *.tools.thefork.tech, some of them are reachable only internally.
    Name / Location	Tags	Known issues
    *.tools.thefork.tech	
        Website Testing
    www.restaurant-information.com	
        Website Testing
    B2B Out of scope
    Out of scope
    Name / Location	Tags	Known issues
    *.myfourchette.com	
        API TestingHTTP
    www.myfourchette.com	
        Website Testing
    website.theforkmanager.com	
    *.lafourchette.rest 	
    login.theforkmanager.com	
    developer.thefork.io	
    B2C Out of scope
    Out of scope
    Customer semi-login / partialLogin feature
        We allow booking only with an e-mail address + First name + Last name + Phone number
        We don't check if e-mail address or Phone number are valid neither if the customer is the real owner of the e-mail address or Phone number.
        Customer can see obfuscated tel number, first letter first_name, first letter last_name and number of yums.
        It's possible to know if an e-mail address is registered or not in TheFork.
        It's possible to book with an e-mail address I am not the owner.
    Name / Location	Tags	Known issues
    https://*.eltenedor.*	
        Website Testing
    https://www.thefork.*	
        Website Testing
    Customer semi-login / PartialLogin feature	
    module.thefork.com	
        Website Testing
    https://www.lafourchette.com	
        Website Testing

Testing is only authorized on the targets listed as In-Scope. Any domain/property of TheFork not listed in the targets section is out of scope. This includes any/all subdomains not listed above. IF you happen to identify a security vulnerability on a target that is not in-scope, but that demonstrably belongs to TheFork, it may be reported to this program, and is appreciated - but will ultimately be marked as 'not applicable' and will not be eligible for monetary or points-based compensation.
General Program Rules (*please read carefully)

Violating program rules may result in your bounty being omitted.

    USE ONLY TEST RESTAURANTS. It is imperative to understand that testing on live production restaurants or their systems is strictly prohibited without exception. Failure to adhere to this policy will not be tolerated and will result in program ban.

    Identify your activity as belonging to Bugcrowd, whether you are performing manual testing or using automated tools:
        Include the string "bugcrowd" in your User-Agent
        Add "bugcrowd" to one of the fields of any form post not requiring account information
    Do not contact other customers / users of the site. Do not attack or interact with any user account that you do not expressly own.
    Limit excessive automated testing. Automated testing should not exceed 25 requests / second.

Access
Consumer Platform (B2C) Access

Please sign up for an account using your @bugcrowdninja.com email address. For more info regarding @bugcrowdninja email addresses, see here.

Test Restaurants: 500 test restaurants are ready to be used for testing. You can find the complete list in the program resources section on Bugcrowd platform.
Payment Testing (TFPay)

    Payment functionality in TFPay only opens for the specific booking once your dining time has started and stays open for a maximum of 3hrs
    To perform test payments, you must have logged in to the mobile app with an @bugcrowd.com or @bugcrowdninja.com email account
    Navigate to TheFork pay section through the menu in the app, add test credit cards & gift cards or select the relevant booking
    Complete the payment. Note a maximum of 2 payments per reservation is allowed

Customer Semi-logged Information

    TheFork allows booking only with an e-mail address + First name + Last name + Phone number
    Email addresses and phone numbers are not validated for ownership
    It's possible to know if an e-mail address is registered or not in TheFork
    It's possible to book with an e-mail address you don't own

Business Platform (B2B) Access

Use credentials provided by TheFork inside the file

    Please DON'T change the restaurant password

Technical Notes (B2B)

    JWT TTL is 5 minutes. Session invalidation occurs 5 minutes after logout or password reset
    API testing should be performed from a black box perspective (no documentation available)
    Redirection to out-of-scope domains (*.theforkmanager.com) may occur during authentication, but testing should remain within listed scope
    For some actions the platform requires an OTP sent to the restaurant email address. We are working on providing a static OTP that can be used to test those functionalities.

Reporting

    Submissions should include full HTTP request and response
    Submissions should contain demonstrated practical impact and attack scenario
    Final decisions on vulnerability priority and bounty amount are made by TheFork security team for each report individually

Reward Classifications

    Developer Portal (developer.thefork.io): All security issues will be ranked as P4
    Cross-Platform Issues: Vulnerabilities affecting both B2C and B2B systems may receive higher priority consideration
    Legacy vs Primary Systems: Primary APIs receive standard rewards; legacy systems may have reduced rewards

Focus Areas
Consumer Platform (B2C) Specific

Account & Authentication:

    User account manipulation and privilege escalation
    Authentication bypass and session management
    Password reset functionality
    Permissions and authorization flaws

Payment & Features:

    Credit card processing and storage
    Pay at the table (TFPay) functionality
    Giftcard handling and validation
    Yums loyalty system vulnerabilities

Common Web Vulnerabilities:

    XSS, CSRF, IDOR, SQL/NoSQL Injection
    JWT and GraphQL implementation flaws
    PII (Personally Identifiable Information) exposure
    Access to internal infrastructure & corporate tools

Business Platform (B2B) Specific

    User account manipulation and privilege escalation
    Authentication
    PII (Personally Identifiable Information) exposure
    JWT and GraphQL

Cross-Platform Security

    Data leakage between B2C and B2B systems
    Privilege escalation from B2C to B2B or vice versa
    Shared authentication vulnerabilities
    Cross-platform data exposure

Important Testing Notes
What's Considered Expected Behavior (Not Vulnerabilities)

Customer Data Model:

    Email enumeration is expected (checking if email is registered)
    Booking with unowned email addresses is by design
    No email/phone validation during booking process
    Viewing obfuscated customer data (first letter of names, partial phone numbers)

Session Management:

    5-minute delay for session invalidation after logout/password reset is expected
    Weak password policies are not considered vulnerabilities

Temporary Classifications:

    IDORs: Currently ranked as P5 Informational (for B2C, B2B is ranked as usual)
    BACs: Currently ranked as P5 Informational (fix in progress)

Exclusions

    Session invalidation can take 5mins when user logout or reset his password
    Weak Password Policy
    All lafourchette.com domains are out of scope (api.lafourchette.com, Review-api.lafourchette.com, M-api.lafourchette.com, etc.)
    Other TheFork brand domains are out of scope (www.lafourchette.com, www.eltenedor.es, www.thefork.* variants not explicitly listed)
    DoS / DDoS attacks of any kind
    Social engineering attacks of any kind
    Exploits around mass content submission, account creation or spamming
    Content fraud - example: inflating or deflating a restaurant's rating, or raising a review's helpful vote count
    Lack of rate-limit
    Exploits that require warranty voiding actions (e.g., rooting victim device)
    Exploits against the site from webviews within mobile applications NOT published by TheFork
    Mobile application vulnerabilities that require having a malicious application installed will have drastically reduced priority class because of prerequisite
    HTTP Header security related findings such as missing headers
    Information-stealer logs / exposed credentials that has no access to the internal resources. Please note that, info-stealer logs may be accepted if the detected credential can be used for accessing internal resources.
    Domains that do not send email are not eligible for rewards relating to email misconfiguration (e.g. DMARC misconfiguration)
    SSL related issues are out-of-scope
    All vulnerabilities related to 3rd parties outside of TheFork. Example - Stripe, Amilon
    All findings regarding hijacking of 3rd party or any domain / social media in which TheFork is not the direct responsible (Social Broken Link)
    Contacting or requesting customer support services (e.g. phone support, support chat, email support). If you have questions while testing, refer to the TheFork FAQ Page or contact Bugcrowd Support.
    IDORs are temporary going to be considered as P5 Informational. We are aware of an issue linked to such vulnerability, the fix is in progress.
    BACs are temporary going to be considered as P5 Informational. We are aware of an issue linked to such vulnerability, the fix is in progress.
    All findings regarding hijacking of 3rd party or any domain / social media in which TheFork is not the direct responsible (Social Broken Link) will be ranked as INFORMATIONAL.

Safe Harbor

When conducting vulnerability research according to this policy, we consider this research to be:

    Authorized in accordance with the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) (and/or similar state laws), and we will not initiate or support legal action against you for accidental, good faith violations of this policy;
    Exempt from the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), and we will not bring a claim against you for circumvention of technology controls;
    Exempt from restrictions in our Terms & Conditions that would interfere with conducting security research, and we waive those restrictions on a limited basis for work done under this policy; and
    Lawful, helpful to the overall security of the Internet, and conducted in good faith.
    You are expected, as always, to comply with all applicable laws.

If at any time you have concerns or are uncertain whether your security research is consistent with this policy, please inquire via Bugcrowd Support before going any further.
Resources

3 files attached in this brief. Sorted by the upload date.

    Waiter_Test_Restaurants.pdf
    116 KB DocumentUploaded on 25 Nov 2025

    Bugcrowd_test_restaurants.pdf
    97.9 KB DocumentUploaded on 25 Nov 2025

    Bugcrowd_Payments_2023.pdf
    311 KB DocumentUploaded on 25 Nov 2025

What’s new
View all announcements

    Mati_bugcrowd’s avatarBugcrowd logo

    Mati_bugcrowd announced The engagement TheFork Managed Bug Bounty Engagement has transitioned to public
        2 months ago(09 Dec 2025 15:43:22 GMT+0)

    Effective immediately, participation in this engagement has transitioned to public. This means that hackers no longer need an invitation to participate in this engagement.
    If you have any questions, please contact Bugcrowd support.

Recent activity
View all CrowdStream activity

    Submission accepted on target: manager.thefork.com
        By Private userEngagement TheFork Managed Bug Bounty EngagementPriority P3Accepted on 27 Jan 2026

Crowd highlights

    Latest hall of famers
        Dieuveil's avatarm000xy's avatarPrivate user's avatarXHK_'s avatarDRS_Steel's avatarabdelrahmanreda's avatar0xAlmirante's avatar0xSayn's avatard0ct0r_84's avatarPrivate user's avatarHall of Fame
    Recently joined this engagement
        Private user's avatarm0chan's avatarrishabh202's avatarp4fg's avatarpa1_tambe's avatarAntilochus's avatarPrivate user's avatarPrivate user's avatarCybershastri's avatarPrivate user's avatar239 total

Things to know

    Testing problems
    For any testing issues (such as broken credentials, inaccessible application, or Bugcrowd Ninja email problems), please visit Bugcrowd Support and create a support ticket. We will address your issue as soon as possible.
    Engagement rules
    This engagement follows Bugcrowd’s standard disclosure terms.
    Coordinated Disclosure
    Vulnerabilities found in this engagement requires explicit permission by selecting the disclosure request option on your submission. For more information please review the Public Disclosure Policy.

    Terms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySecurityDo Not Sell My Information

    DocsFAQResourcesBlogContactGet Help

Copyright © 2014 – 2026 Bugcrowd, Inc. All rights reserved.
