
Bugcrowd logo

    Hacker Login Customer Login 

    EngagementsSky DACH Vulnerability Disclosure Program

    Bug Bounty

Sky DACH Vulnerability Disclosure Program

Sky is one of Europe’s leading media and entertainment companies and is part of Comcast Corporation, a global media and technology company that connects people to moments and experiences that matter.
Expedited triage
Submissions to this Engagement will receive expedited triage by Bugcrowd.
Program logo

    EntertainmentSafe harbor

    Scope rating
    1 out of 4
    Testing period Ongoing Started at Jan 01
    Status In progress 01 Jan 2026 06:00:00 GMT+0

    Details
    Changelog
    Announcements1
    CrowdStream
    Hall of Fame

Last Updated :07 Jan 2026 12:03:08 GMT+0View changes
On this page

    Overview
    Description
    Targets
    Resources
    What’s new
    Recent activity
    Crowd highlights
    Things to know

    Vulnerabilities rewarded 0
    Validation within 2 days 75% of submissions are accepted or rejected within 2 days in last 3 months

With 24 million customers across six countries, Sky is Europe’s leading media and entertainment company and is proud to be part of the Comcast group. Our 32,000 employees help connect our customers to the very best entertainment, sports, news, arts and to our own local, original content.

No technology is perfect and Sky believes that working with skilled security researchers across the globe is crucial in identifying weaknesses in any technology. We are excited for you to participate as a security researcher to help us identify vulnerabilities in our web applications. Good luck, and happy hunting!
Ratings/Rewards

For the initial prioritization/rating of findings, this engagement will use the Bugcrowd Vulnerability Rating Taxonomy. However, it is important to note that in some cases a vulnerability priority will be modified due to its likelihood or impact. In any instance where an issue is downgraded, a full, detailed explanation will be provided to the researcher - along with the opportunity to appeal, and make a case for a higher priority.
Targets
1 out of 4
Bugcrowd calculates scope ratings based on the depth and breadth of in-scope targets.

    In scope
    In scope
    Payment reward chart

    P1
        $500 – $1000

    Name / Location	Tags	Known issues
    All internet facing Sky DACH assets	
        GraphQLWebsite Testing
    Subscriber IP Ranges/Hostnames (Out Of Scope)
    Out of scope

    The following IPs belong to our subscribers and are managed on their end.
    These are explicitly set as OOS and not to be tested, even if the hostnames resolve to .sky.

    Everything (including any IP) that resolves to the hostname skybroadband.com is out of scope as these are customer hosted sites we do not own.
    Name / Location	Tags	Known issues
    *skybroadband.com	
    *skybet.com	
    *skynewsarabia.com	
    *skynews.com.au	
    All internet facing Sky UK/ROI assets	
        GraphQLWebsite Testing
    All internet facing Sky Italy assets 	
        GraphQLWebsite Testing

Testing is only authorised on the targets listed as in scope. Any domain/property of Sky Group not listed in the targets section is out of scope. This includes any/all subdomains not listed above. If you happen to identify a security vulnerability on a target that is not in scope, but it demonstrably belongs to Sky Group, you can report it to this engagement. However, be aware that it is ineligible for rewards or points-based compensation.
Out-of-Scope:
OOS Sky Subsidiaries

    NBCUniversal (Please report all NBCU findings directly to cyber@nbcuni.com)
    Comcast
    Sky Italy (Please report all Sky Italy findings directly to the Sky Italy VDP programme)
    Sky UK/ROI (Please report all Sky UK/ROI findings directly to the Sky UK/ROI VDP programme)

    Vulnerabilities in the following IP addresses: Sky Excluded IPs.xlsx
    OOS Submission Types:

    3rd party endpoints

    3rd party Sky Brand licensing

    Marketing/Analytics endpoints

    Server security misconfigurations with no impact (ex. Exposed instances with no sensitive data present)

    Email spoofing issues (e.g., SPF, DKIM, DMARC)

    Automated scan reports or search engine results (ie, Shodan) without valid proof of concept

    Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) on unauthenticated forms or forms with no sensitive actions.

    Comma Separated Values (CSV) injection without demonstrating a vulnerability.

    Open redirect - unless an additional security impact can be demonstrated.

    Self-Client-side injection (XSS, Angular, Vue, HTML...) and any XSS that requires Flash. Flash is disabled by default in most modern browsers, thus significantly reducing the attack surface and associated risk.

    CORS without exploitation.

    We'll accept notifications of XSS due to Swagger-UI, but they're not eligible for bounty. It will be considered as P5 Informational.

    Exposed credentials that are either no longer valid, or do not pose a risk to an in-scope asset.

    Exposure of API keys with no security impact, or where the only impact is exhausting of API quotas

    Vulnerabilities only affect users of outdated or unpatched browsers

    Descriptive error messages (e.g., Stack Traces, application, or server errors) without proof of vulnerability or risk

    Submissions for 3rd party code where Sky Group is not responsible for the code.

    SSL/TLS protocol scan reports reporting purported vulnerable protocol versions or handshakes

    Missing best practices in Content Security Policy, HttpOnly or Secure flags on cookies.

OOS Activity Types:

    Load Testing (DoS, DDoS, wireless jamming, etc.)
    Clickjacking on pages with no sensitive actions.
    Banner Grabbing, Scanner Outputs, Password Complexity, User Enumeration, Software version disclosure, Descriptive error messages or headers (e.g. stack traces, application or server errors)
    Tabnabbing.
    Content spoofing and text injection issues without showing an attack vector/without being able to modify HTML/CSS.
    Account lockout, login, or forgot password page brute force
    Rate limiting issues on non-authentication endpoints/Anti-Automation.
    Attacks requiring MITM or physical access to a user's device.
    Publicly accessible login panels unless proven security Impact.
    Any activity that could disrupt our service (DoS), including but not limited to inundating support services with invalid requests.
    The customer leaked credentials found in Darkweb or any OSINT tools.
    Social engineering attacks, including those targeting or impersonating internal employees by any means (e.g. customer service chat features, social media, personal domains, etc.)
    Be a current employee of Sky Group or its affiliates or subsidiaries or an employee who has left Sky Group or its affiliates or subsidiaries within the past 12 months.
    Protocol-specific flaws and open ports or services without an accompanying proof-of-concept demonstrating a vulnerability
    Theoretical security issues without any POC

Hardware Out Of Scope

    Physical tampering of the device (I/O devices such as USB, SIM, and SD card slots are in scope)
    Submissions that require an attacker to physically open the case, including removing screws or breaking plastic casing (open chassis) to gain access to the internal hardware of a device.
    Vulnerabilities in pre-release product versions (e.g., Beta, Release candidate).
    Vulnerabilities in product versions are no longer under active support.
    Vulnerabilities are already known to Sky Group. However, if you are the first external security researcher to identify and report a previously known vulnerability, you may still be eligible for a bounty award.
    Submissions that utilise third-party websites or tools for cracking or validating secrets, passwords, keys or tokens.

Access/Traffic Identification
IP address

Please provide your IP address in the report while submitting the P1/P2 finding.
Custom User-Agent Header

Please add the following header to your HTTP traffic to prevent interruptions and verify non-malicious behaviour:

X-Bug-Bounty:<bugcrowdusername>
N-day/Third party 0-day Policy

    When N-Day bugs are released to the public, we will consider them as in scope after 30 days have gone by
        e.g: N-day released on 01/01/2024, we would consider it in-scope on 01/31/2024

Stolen/Breached Credentials

If you happen to identify vulnerabilities involving data that has been exposed or leaked such as dark web forums or leaked credential sites, you can report it to this engagement. However, be aware that it is only eligible for points-based compensation. This policy helps maintain the highest standard of operational confidentiality, integrity, and compliance.
Credentials

To gain access to the application, please sign up for an account using your @bugcrowdninja.com email address. For more info regarding @bugcrowdninja email addresses, see here.
Safe Harbor

When conducting vulnerability research according to this policy, we consider this research to be:

    Authorized in accordance with the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) (and/or similar state laws), and we will not initiate or support legal action against you for accidental, good faith violations of this policy;
    Exempt from the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), and we will not bring a claim against you for circumvention of technology controls;
    Exempt from restrictions in our Terms & Conditions that would interfere with conducting security research, and we waive those restrictions on a limited basis for work done under this policy; and
    Lawful, helpful to the overall security of the Internet, and conducted in good faith.
    You are expected, as always, to comply with all applicable laws.

If at any time you have concerns or are uncertain whether your security research is consistent with this policy, please inquire through the Bugcrowd Support Portal before going any further.
Resources

1 file attached in this brief. Sorted by the upload date.

    Sky%20Excluded%20IPs.xlsx
    25.5 KB DocumentUploaded on 7 Jan 2026

What’s new
View all announcements

    Mati_bugcrowd’s avatarBugcrowd logo

    Mati_bugcrowd announced The engagement Sky DACH Vulnerability Disclosure Program has transitioned to public
        about 1 month ago(01 Jan 2026 11:37:07 GMT+0)

    Effective immediately, participation in this engagement has transitioned to public. This means that hackers no longer need an invitation to participate in this engagement.
    If you have any questions, please contact Bugcrowd support.

Recent activity
View all CrowdStream activity
There are no updates yet.
There are no updates yet.
The recent activities on this engagement will show up here.
Crowd highlights

    Latest hall of famers
    The hall of fame is empty.
    Recently joined this engagement
        skillsystem31's avatarfrelancerr's avatarXenofer's avatar0xMRvirus's avatari_am_0kay's avatarmihir2004's avatarPrivate user's avatar0xxZiadMOmen's avatarNOSFU-v43's avatarkaruppasamy's avatar39 total

Things to know

    Testing problems
    For any testing issues (such as broken credentials, inaccessible application, or Bugcrowd Ninja email problems), please visit Bugcrowd Support and create a support ticket. We will address your issue as soon as possible.
    Engagement rules
    This engagement follows Bugcrowd’s standard disclosure terms.
    Coordinated Disclosure
    Vulnerabilities found in this engagement requires explicit permission by selecting the disclosure request option on your submission. For more information please review the Public Disclosure Policy.

    Terms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySecurityDo Not Sell My Information

    DocsFAQResourcesBlogContactGet Help

Copyright © 2014 – 2026 Bugcrowd, Inc. All rights reserved.
