
Bugcrowd logo

    Hacker Login Customer Login 

    EngagementsFireblocks Web Managed Bug Bounty Engagement

    Bug Bounty

Fireblocks Web Managed Bug Bounty Engagement

Fireblocks is a user-friendly platform that enables the creation of blockchain-based products and manages daily digital asset operations.
Program logo

    Computer SoftwareSafe harbor

    Scope rating
    1 out of 4
    Testing period Ongoing Started at Sep 09, 2025
    Status In progress 09 Sep 2025 06:00:01 GMT+0

    Details
    Changelog
    Announcements1
    CrowdStream
    Hall of Fame

Last Updated :09 Dec 2025 14:22:27 GMT+0View changes
On this page

    Overview
    Description
    Targets
    What’s new
    Recent activity
    Crowd highlights
    Things to know

    Vulnerabilities rewarded 2
    Validation within 17 days 75% of submissions are accepted or rejected within 17 days in last 3 months
    Average payout $100 last 3 months

Fireblocks is an enterprise-grade platform delivering a secure infrastructure for moving, storing, and issuing digital assets. Fireblocks enables exchanges, custodians, banks, trading desks, and hedge funds to securely scale digital asset operations through patent-pending SGX & MPC technology.

Thank you for helping keep Fireblocks and our users safe!
Ratings/Rewards

For the initial prioritization/rating of findings, this engagement will use the Bugcrowd Vulnerability Rating Taxonomy. However, it is important to note that in some cases a vulnerability priority will be modified due to its likelihood or impact. In any instance where an issue is downgraded, a full, detailed explanation will be provided to the researcher - along with the opportunity to appeal, and make a case for a higher priority.
Targets
1 out of 4
Bugcrowd calculates scope ratings based on the depth and breadth of in-scope targets.

    In scope
    In scope
    Payment reward chart

    P1
        $7000 – $12000
    P2
        $1000 – $9000
    P3
        $300 – $1500
    P4
        $20 – $300

    Get Started

    To gain access to the application, please sign up for an account using your @bugcrowdninja.com email address. The registration will not work with an email other than @bugcrowdninja.com. For more info regarding @bugcrowdninja email addresses, see here. You may register for accounts here.
    Target Information:

    With the objective of securing the most widely used protocols and signature schemes, this program focuses on the highest priority signature scheme, the MPC protocol for ECDSA signatures used in Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other blockchains, as well as the protocol for EdDSA.

    You can find further documentation here:
        https://developers.fireblocks.com/docs/sandbox-quickstart
        https://developers.fireblocks.com/docs/postman-guide
    Name / Location	Tags	Known issues
    sb-console-api.fireblocks.io	
        CryptographyCryptocurrency
    sb-mobile-api.fireblocks.io	
        CryptographyCryptocurrency
    sandbox-api.fireblocks.io	
        CryptographyCryptocurrency

Testing is only authorized on the targets listed as in scope. Any domain/property of Fireblocks not listed in the targets section is out of scope. This includes any/all subdomains not listed above. If you happen to identify a security vulnerability on a target that is not in scope, but it demonstrably belongs to Fireblocks, you can report it to this engagement. However, be aware that it is ineligible for rewards or points-based compensation.
Focus Areas

    Performing unauthorized actions with an emphasis on unauthorized funds transfer
    Disclosure of sensitive or personally identifiable information
    Cross-Site Scripting (XSS)
    Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) for sensitive functions in a privileged context
    Server-side or remote code execution (RCE)
    Authentication or authorization flaws, including insecure direct object references and authentication bypass
    Injection vulnerabilities, including SQL and XML injection
    Directory traversal
    Significant security misconfiguration with a verifiable vulnerability

Credentials

To gain access to the application, please sign up for an account using your @bugcrowdninja.com email address. The registration will not work with an email other than @bugcrowdninja.com. For more info regarding @bugcrowdninja email addresses, see here. You may register for accounts here.
Excluded Submission Types

    P5 vulnerabilities
    Availability/volumetric testing e.g.:
        DoS/DDoS/Network DoS
        Rate limiting bypass attempts
        Email bombing flooding

N-day/Third party 0-day Policy

    When N-Day bugs are released to the public, we will consider these as in scope after 14 days has gone by
        e.g: N-day released on 01/01/2025, we would consider it in-scope on 01/15/2025

Out of Scope

    Interacting or manipulate other stakeholders and their associated accounts including:
        Social engineering attacks
        Phishing attacks
        Physical attacks
    Third party providers and services
    Potential post-exploitation scenarios: If you believe you've identified a vulnerability that may lead to post-exploitation activity including modification or destruction of data please stop testing and submit your finding. We will work with you to evaluate the vulnerability and award you accordingly for the final impact and severity.

Stolen/Breached Credentials

If you happen to identify vulnerabilities involving data that has been exposed or leaked such as dark web forums or leaked credential sites, you can report it to this engagement. However, be aware that it is only eligible for points-based compensation. This policy helps maintain the highest standard of operational confidentiality, integrity, and compliance.
Safe Harbor

When conducting vulnerability research according to this policy, we consider this research to be:

    Authorized in accordance with the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) (and/or similar state laws), and we will not initiate or support legal action against you for accidental, good faith violations of this policy;
    Exempt from the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), and we will not bring a claim against you for circumvention of technology controls;
    Exempt from restrictions in our Terms & Conditions that would interfere with conducting security research, and we waive those restrictions on a limited basis for work done under this policy; and
    Lawful, helpful to the overall security of the Internet, and conducted in good faith.
    You are expected, as always, to comply with all applicable laws.

If at any time you have concerns or are uncertain whether your security research is consistent with this policy, please inquire through the Bugcrowd Support Portal before going any further.
What’s new
View all announcements

    Mati_bugcrowd’s avatarBugcrowd logo

    Mati_bugcrowd announced The engagement Fireblocks Web Managed Bug Bounty Engagement has transitioned to public
        3 months ago(20 Nov 2025 13:30:58 GMT+0)

    Effective immediately, participation in this engagement has transitioned to public. This means that hackers no longer need an invitation to participate in this engagement.
    If you have any questions, please contact Bugcrowd support.

Recent activity
View all CrowdStream activity

    Submission accepted on target: sandbox-api.fireblocks.io
        By sam_exploitEngagement Fireblocks Web Managed Bug Bounty EngagementReward $100Priority P5Accepted on 8 Jan 2026

    Submission accepted on target: sandbox-api.fireblocks.io
        By LTiDiEngagement Fireblocks Web Managed Bug Bounty EngagementPriority P4Accepted on 29 Dec 2025

Crowd highlights

    Latest hall of famers
        SudoHenk's avatartxt3rob's avatarrx7's avatarLTiDi's avatarHall of Fame
    Recently joined this engagement
        Private user's avatardirty0124's avatartxt3rob's avatar0x0asif's avatarpwnsauc3's avatarRudra_16's avatarrx7's avatarsam_exploit's avatarPrivate user's avatarPrivate user's avatar43 total

Things to know

    Testing problems
    For any testing issues (such as broken credentials, inaccessible application, or Bugcrowd Ninja email problems), please visit Bugcrowd Support and create a support ticket. We will address your issue as soon as possible.
    Engagement rules
    This engagement follows Bugcrowd’s standard disclosure terms.
    Coordinated Disclosure
    Vulnerabilities found in this engagement requires explicit permission by selecting the disclosure request option on your submission. For more information please review the Public Disclosure Policy.

    Terms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySecurityDo Not Sell My Information

    DocsFAQResourcesBlogContactGet Help

Copyright © 2014 – 2026 Bugcrowd, Inc. All rights reserved.
